Add how to docs for java application in k8s. (#74)
paketo-buildpacks/azure-application-insights: docs/how-to-use-buildpacks-in-kubernetes-for-java.md

> ## How to use buildpacks in kubernetes for java

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to use Buildpacks in Kubernetes for Java

```

The Paketo Azure Application Insights Buildpack is a Cloud Native Buildpack
that contributes the Application Insights Agent and configures it to connect
to the service.

> This article describes how to use this buildpacks for java applications from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This article describes how to use this buildpack for Java applications from

```

> the kubernetes environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the Kubernetes environment.

```

### Preconditions

* Kubernetes

> * BuildService

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [kpack](https://github.com/pivotal/kpack) or [Tanzu Build Service](https://network.pivotal.io/products/build-service/)

```

### Build Phase

> You need to prepare one `ConfigMap` from kubernetes when build, it may be similar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to prepare one `ConfigMap` in Kubernetes to build. It may be similar

```

> as below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the example below.

```

> Note: the type should be `ApplicationInsights`.

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: sample-cm
  namespace: build-service
data:
  provider: Azure
  type: ApplicationInsights
```

> Then consume the `Confimap` from Image resource, for example image.yaml as below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then consume the `Confimap` from an Image resource. For example `image.yaml` seen below.

```

> Note: the `metadataRef` should point to the name of `ConfigMap` above.

```yaml
apiVersion: kpack.io/v1alpha1
kind: Image
metadata:
  name: sample-image
  namespace: build-service
spec:

>   tag: xxxx.azurecr.io/sample-repo:sample-tag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  tag: xxxx.example.com/sample-repo:sample-tag

```

  serviceAccount: sample-build-service
  builder:
    name: sample-builder
    kind: Builder
  source:
    git:
      url: https://github.com/xxxx/xxxx
      revision: dev 
  build:
    bindings:
    - name: appinsights
      metadataRef:
        name: sample-cm
```

Now you can use below command to build the image.

```shell
kubectl apply -f image.yaml
```

> If everything goes well, the output of build may contain below information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If everything goes well, the output of build will contain the information below.

```

```
Paketo Azure Application Insights Buildpack 4.3.0
  https://github.com/paketo-buildpacks/azure-application-insights
  Azure Application Insights Java Agent 3.0.3: Contributing to layer
    Reusing cached download from buildpack
    Copying to /layers/paketo-buildpacks_azure-application-insights/azure-application-insights-java
    Writing env.launch/JAVA_TOOL_OPTIONS.append
    Writing env.launch/JAVA_TOOL_OPTIONS.delim
  Launch Helper: Contributing to layer
    Creating /layers/paketo-buildpacks_azure-application-insights/helper/exec.d/properties
```

### Runtime Phase

> You need to prepare one `Secret` from kubernetes before the Java application bootup,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is important that the binding be present at runtime because the binding data is not embedded into the image, so you need to prepare one `Secret` in Kubernetes before the Java application bootup,

```

it may be similar as below.

> Note: the type should be `ApplicationInsights`.

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: sample-secret
  namespace: default
stringData:
  type: ApplicationInsights
  connection-string: "xxxx"
  sampling-percentage: "100.0"
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Additional settings may be added as key/value pairs in the secret.

```

You also need to prepare at least 2 required items for kubernetes deployment.

* Mount the `Secret` as volume.
* Point the environment variable `CNB_BINDINGS` to the path of mounted `Secret`.

```yaml
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
spec:
  template:
    metadata:
      namespace: default
    spec:
      containers:
        env:
        - name: CNB_BINDINGS
          value: /bindings

>         image: xxxx.azurecr.io/sample-repo:sample-tag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        image: xxxx.example.com/sample-repo:sample-tag

```

        volumeMounts:
        - mountPath: /bindings/application-insights-settings
          name: sample-secret-volume
      volumes:
      - name: sample-secret-volume
        secret:
          secretName: sample-secret
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Apply the configuration with the following command:

```

Also add in a code block (I can't add it in the suggestion because of markdown formatting limitations.

```shell
kubectl apply -f image.yaml
```
